You can also store these parameter values in a separate file in a resource folder.
So instead of providing a very long list of parameter values here, in this case, resource source annotation,
we can call it out and use a different annotation.
So I will comment out the entire CAC source annotation together with all its values, and we'll use
a different annotation that is called CAC file source.
In the brackets, I will provide a path to every source file, and the path to a file would be, let's
say, for its large integer division since we.
I do not have this file yet, and I will need to create it.
All right, so storing parameter values in a separate file can be very helpful when you need to test
your method with a very long list of funds.
For example, if you have a method that validates names and email addresses, then you can create a
separate CAC file with that very, very long list of different names and email addresses.
And then you can test your method under test with all sorts of different kinds of ones.
I will need to create this file because I do not have it yet and I will create this file in a test resources
folder.
Now, depending on the development environment you use, there might be a different way to create this
But the way I do it in, A.J., is this I will select test folder and I will do right mouse click on
it and I will choose new and then select package.
I will call this package resources.
And hit enter.
Now I will select project will do right mouse click and then scroll down and select open module settings.
On the left side panel here, you will need to select modules and then you will need to select calculator
module.
And then on this panel here, I will select this folder which is currently expanded, but if it is folded,
you'll need to unfold it and then select the resources package that we have just create.
All right.
Once you select resources package, click on Test Resources Button to mark this directory as a Test
Resources root folder.
All right.
And once you click on it, the icon on the resources folder will slightly change.
Okay.
And once again, click on a key button to close this window.
And now that we have a new Test Resources folder, I will create a new file inside of this folder.
So I will select resources folder under the test directory, will do right mouse click and will choose
new file and I will give this file and the exactly the same name as I have used in my fee file, source
and patient.
And hit enter.
Now until J is asking me if I want to add this file together, I'll click on ADD and now I can start
adding values.
So the values on this file will need to be comma separated.
For example, the first set of parameters will be 33, take a wait one and then expected result will
be 32.
New set of values will need to go on a new line.
So if I want my unit to store on second time, but with a new set of parameters on a new line, I will
add let's say 24 take away one will be equal to 23 and I will run my unit test three times and the third
time will be with parameter values 54 take away one and the expected result will be 53.
Find this now I can save changes in my integer division six.
I'll go back to the calculator test and click on a run button next to unit testing to run this integer
subtraction method.
And it works.
My unit has spent around three times with the parameter values that I have provided in integer division,
says V.
Although the file name should be integer subtraction, so I will rename it will select the file, do
right mouse click refactor rename.
And it should be called integer subtraction.
Click on refactor and it has also refactored the file name I have used in CSC for our results.
Okay, so now let's run this test method again just to make sure it works.
And it is all working.
All right.
So now if you need to test him method properly with lots of different set of values, you can do it.
So let's continue to the next lesson.